    Libvirt Security Notice Schema
    ==============================

The top level element of a libvirt security notice has
a name of "security-notice" and is in an XML namespace
of http://security.libvirt.org/xmlns/security-notice/1.0

Basic metadata
--------------

The "id" element content is a pair of 4 digit numbers
uniquely identifying the security issue. By convention
the first 4 digit number is the year in which it was
reported and the second number is an integer value that
is unique within the year, monotonically incrementing
from 1. eg the 137th issue reported in 2013 would have
an id of "2013-0137"

The "summary" element is a short, single line description
of the flaw, ideally 80 characters or less to make it
suitable for use in email subject lines or git commit
messages.

The "credits" element provides information on persons
involved with the flaw. It permits the child elements
"reporter" or "patcher" each of which can be repeated
zero or more times. Both elements contain two further
child elements "email" and "name" with the former
providing the email address and the latter providing
the full name. At least one of "email" and "name" must
be provided.

The "lifecycle" element provides date on key milestones
in handling of the issue. It contains between one and
three child elements, "reported", "published" and
"fixed". The "reported" element says the date on which
the libvirt security received notification of the issue.
The "published" element says the date on which the issue
was revealed to the public. The "fixed" element says the
date on which the issue was patched in the primary code
branch (typically GIT master).

The "reference" element provides details of related
resources. It will have one or more child elements which
can be either "advisory" or "bug". An "advisory" element
includes a "type" and "id" attribute where "type" is
currently allowed to be "CVE" and "id" is the identifier
of the report. A "bug" element includes "tracker" and
"id" attributes where "tracker" is allowed to be "redhat",
"debian" or a short name for another vendors' bug tracker.

Descriptive data
----------------

There are three free form text elements providing descriptive
data about the issue. The data will usually be inside a CDATA
block.

The "description" element content is an expanded version of
the "summary" element content, describing what the flaw is.

The "impact" element content describes the implications of
the security issue. ie what can a malicious user do with the
flaw.

The "workaround" element content describes any steps that an
administrator can take to eliminate or at least mitigate the
impact of the flaw.


Product data
------------

The "product" element provides information about the codebase
of the affected products. The "name" attribute is the name of
a libvirt product, typically based on the tar.gz archive name
with the suffix stripped. This contains a child "repository"
element which is a URL to the master GIT repository. There is
then one or more "branch" elements which details the state of
affected branches.

The first child of the "branch" element is a "name" giving the
branch name, eg "master", "v1.0.1-maint", etc. There are then
zero or more "tag" or "change" child elements with a "state"
attribute of "vulnerable" or "fixed". The "tag" element content
details the name of the GIT tag(s) on that branch are vulnerable
and which tags are fixed. The "change" element content details the
GIT hash of the change(s) which both introduce and fix the flaw.
The same vulnerable change hash may appear under multiple "branch"
elements since branches will share large portions of their history.
The fix hash will however usually be different.
